now I always liked the concept of the Z
board or the Zed board but honestly the
build quality always felt a little while
suspect to me
now what SteelSeries did in their
acquisition of ideas on is they took
some of the products particularly the Z
board and just made them better beefier
stronger faster just better in sort of
every way so that's where the shift
comes from it actually accepts the same
key sets as the Z board so if you have
an old Z board key set you can throw it
right onto a shift key board and vice
versa you can buy a shift key set for
your old Z board no problem but they
just really improve the base station of
it a great deal so I've actually done an
unboxing of the shift already so you can
check that one out on my channel if you
want to this is specifically going to be
about the World of Warcraft Cataclysm
key set for the Z board so I have a Z
board so well is for the Z board but
it's mostly for the shift okay so here
we go this box includes well here why
don't we start opening it and then we'll
talk about what it includes so let's see
if there's any features on the back that
stand out um no doesn't really look like
there's anything there that I don't
already know so I guess I'll just go
ahead and start getting this thing
opened up so you can see it comes with
the default key set installed yeah and
I'm just going to show you guys as part
of this unboxing so we got a sticker
product guide yep little baggie of stuff
there we've got a SteelSeries shift key
board here which is taped closed so
remove that tape take out the keyboard
all right then
sorry guys are having cousin cover
logistics okay
so shift keyboard let's go over this
really quick even though we've kind of
already done it okay media keys here
very nice keyboard layout that I like a
lot
full-size backspace full-size shift keys
all of that good stuff
you got your f keys you got your
programmable keys up here including a
record button and three different
profiles okay you've got all of your
other sort of normal stuff over here
number pad print screen scroll lock okay
so well that's normal except BAM whoa
it's all gone so if you haven't seen a Z
board or a shift before then there you
are that's the concept of the shift
removable key sets okay so it includes
our wrist rest and I'm not going to get
too far into that you can check out my
my other shift unboxing if you want to
see the wrist rest and it includes a
cataclysm reset here we are
so the cataclysm key set comes wrapped
in plastic and the first thing we're
going to do is show you how easy it is
to install a key set on the ship you
just slide it in like that lay the whole
thing down and clip it in on the side
there we are now it's in that was easy
so all of this stuff over here that is
not for gaming I mean maybe some people
buying things to insert gaming functions
although most people probably don't okay
so not for gaming replaces all that
stuff with for gaming okay so here
everything over here is fairly normal
except they've changed a lot of the
labels so check this out
so tab is now the oh really it's not
going to focus on me alright let's see
if we can get it to focus please focus
I'll have to read it for you tab is the
target nearest enemy button for example
okay so there's a lot of stuff here
there's enemy plates and then with the
shift friendly plates there's backpack
shift is all bags talent map skills
quest social spell book action ten
action 9 all kinds of stuff here so the
F ones okay emote bar one you move bar
two so thank you cheer welcome charge
congrats in
humming all good stuff here pet pat one
pet to pet three pet for all right and
then over here this is the gaming area
of the keyboard gaming terrain alright
so we've got complete replacement for
WASD okay so if you want to run using
this over here then you can totally do
that
we've got nah okay well you I guess the
way this is set up you would not use
this with your left hand the way you
would for FPS games okay so you're going
to use this with your right hand and
then this with your left hand okay I
don't quite understand how this works
give me a moment see this is the problem
with doing these videos like completely
off the top of my head okay so this this
is pretty clearly not not a replacement
for WASD so WASD are your movement keys
over here is a whole bunch of
supplementary stats of got screenshot
exit vehicle inspect invite trade raid
okay here's all your raid functions so
raid chat ready check raid warning raid
browser hey chat functions so you got
party chat guild chat region chat BG
chat say whisper yell emote so these are
all useful things to have automatically
bound okay and most of these are keys
that you would already normally find on
a keyboard so check this out okay so
right here delete also has a delete key
over here now it looks like it's changed
the actual location of it so what would
have normally been print screen right
here actually corresponds to insert so
they've changed the layout slightly but
the the the circuitry in the key set
itself is going to remap that for you
without you having to worry too much
about it so pretty much that's it the
point of the shift keyboard is this okay
it's basically like a Z board except
just generally built better and thank
you for checking out my unboxing of the
shift Wow Cataclysm edition don't forget
to sub
Greig to - tech tips for more unboxings
reviews and other computer and game type
videos thanks for watching